# mm-Wave-Radar-IWR6843AOPEVM

Download the folder mm-Wave-Radar-IWR6843AOPEVM

config_file.cfg is out of box demo configuration file i created using TI visualiser. You can use any configuration file of the radar as per your application flashed pn mm wave radar. Some demo applications are there on TI resources https://dev.ti.com/tirex/explore/node?node=AHJY4qNCowO17wH-P2ICKQ Configuration files for many demo projects are already included in the folder downloaded from this link. INcase making your own application , you will require custom config file. 

radar_start.py simply sends your config file to start the sensor. In my case config_file.cfg. You can replace with your config file generated by TI visualiser. But be sure to keep the name same of config file in folder and the script. 

radar_raw_dump.py simply dumps the raw sensor data to a .txt dile in raw_dump folder. The data needs to be interpreted with TI resources depneind upont the type of application file flashed on the radar. 

mmwave_live_capture.py simply decodes the sensor data and for live viewing in the terminal window. The file can be built upon to suit your requirement to parse data for paricular application. 

mmwave_to_mavlink.py parses the data to a flight controller on mavlink for use of mmwave radar as proximity sensor in ardupilot autopilot stack. 

numpy, pyserial, apscheduler and pymavlink are depencies needed to run the last python script. Detailed decription on how to install and run python script will be uploaded later by me.

